Yes, I've been losing subs for how long, it's
been a year since I started losing subs, I mean,
except for the Dallas era when they
raised their prices, I lose subs every day.
Sure, sure, as if it were normal.
Sure, that's it.  It's logical when you're
dedicated to YouTube.  How am I going to grow
if YouTube doesn't recommend my
content?  Not recommended.  Hey,
seriously, this whole blaming YouTube thing is freaking
me out, man.  I mean,
I have better times and I have
worse times.  Yes, it's true that there are times when
you say, damn, this video pisses me off.
Suddenly YouTube takes a video and
puts it on the sky, another one throws it at you
because but in the end if you have your
community, man, you know?  But this thing about no,
no, it's not that YouTube doesn't recommend, no, no,
YouTube has a thing against you, but of course, what's
going on?  Well, he deleted it, he deleted
the entire channel.  That also affected.
You put it in the chat.  You realize
that when you delete all the videos on
your channel, you delete the link you generate
with a lot of followers who
liked that video, who
followed you on that video, so the next thing no longer
appears recommended to them.  That
is, you break the algorithm issue a bit there
.  I only saw it once in a
video.